the constellation of Libra, consists of a law scale which represents “balance”. 
the constellation of Taurus is present in the northern sky therefore having a right declination of 15. 
Capricorn is the tenth sign in the zodiac, which falls almost in the end of most constellations’ zodiac.
Leo is most closely related to that of the lion, because if we connect the points through all of its stars, a shape of a lion is created.
the brightest star of Aries is Hamal which has a magnitude of 2.0.
Pisces is the closest to Aquarius, which is located in the northeast of the Pisces constellation.
Aquarius has a right ascension of 22 hours, as it lies in the southern sky.
Beehive is the english translation of Praesepe which is the latin name of this star cluster. 
the Scorpius constellation is really bright. 
Virgo is often seen carrying a sheaf of wheat, symbolizing fertility and goodness. 
Sagittarius is present in the southern sky and hence, witnesses the sun's apparent journey to the southernmost point.
Gemini has the only isolated pulsar with the same name. 
There is a law scale, which signifies justice. 
it is the most intensely studied Nebula in the Taurus constellation.
if all the stars of the Capricorn constellation are combined it looks very similar to the goat. 
it has the shape of a lion.
this is the point where the sun moves from the southern to northern hemisphere.
this has a magnitude of 3.6
Sadalmelik lacks features causing the star to be not so bright. 
it is quite dim in the sky.
he was stung to death which caused Scorpius to rise in the sky. 
Virgo had a pulsar which helped astronomers to search for other extrasolar planets. 
Lagoon along with the trifid nebulae made the Sagittarius constellation brighter. 
The stars, when joined, look like twins who were very brave to that of the Roman legends. 
it was a part of the northern sky along with Scorpius. 
it is present at the top of the northern hemisphere. 
he wanted to escape from him, otherwise Typhon would have killed him. 
leonids are radiant, therefore scatter more light as meteors. 
he is the egyptian god who had features more than that of a Ram. 
they were escaping from Typhon and changed into two fishes. 
Aquarius meant the “water bearer” which splashed water in the form of rain.
this is the alternative latin name derived from the arabic name. 
this has a magnitude of 1.1.
she is known as the harvest maiden.
the way the stars are arranged look like a teapot.
it is present in the northern sky. 
it usually appears between September and October.
he was angry on Europa. 
its body was closely related to that of a fish tail.
a symbol of victory after the lion was slain.
He and the argonauts found it behind Phrixus.
it was found to be the brightest in the Pisces Constellation. 
it is close to the Capricorn and Pisces which are also present in the southern sky. 
she wanted to hurt Heracles, but still honored the crab by placing it in heaven. 
he wanted to defend himself from the poisonous scorpion.
it is located in a giant elliptical galaxy. 
it is a symbol of a mounted archer made by the Babylonians. 
It has a magnitude of 1.15 greater than that of Castor.